README.md, before:


# Matt Miss Portfolio

This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website, built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/). The site showcases my skills, projects, and experience as a software developer.

## Live Site

The portfolio is live at: [https://mattmiss.github.io](https://mattmiss.github.io)

---

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.
- **Modern Technologies:** Built with Gatsby, React, and GraphQL.
- **Performance Optimized:** Fast load times with optimized images and lazy loading.
- **Reusable Components:** Easy to maintain and extend with modular components.
- **SEO Friendly:** Enhanced search engine optimization for better visibility.

---

## Installation and Development

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Setup

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mattmiss/gatsby-portfolio.git
   cd gatsby-portfolio
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**
   Using npm:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   Or using Yarn:
   ```bash
   yarn
   ```

3. **Start the Development Server:**
   ```bash
   gatsby develop
   ```

4. **Open in Browser:**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to view the site locally.

---

## Building and Deployment

### Build for Production

To create a production-ready build of the site:
```bash
gatsby build
```
This command generates static files in the `public` folder.

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

1. **Build the Project:**
   ```bash
   gatsby build
   ```

2. **Navigate to the `public` Folder:**
   ```bash
   cd public
   ```

3. **Push to the Existing Repository:**
   ```bash
   git init
   git remote add origin https://github.com/mattmiss/mattmiss.github.io.git
   git branch -M main
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy Gatsby site"
   git push -f origin main
   ```

   ⚠️ **Warning:** The `-f` flag force pushes the changes, overwriting the existing content in the `mattmiss.github.io` repository.

4. **Verify Deployment:**
   Wait a few minutes for GitHub Pages to process the new files, then visit [https://mattmiss.github.io](https://mattmiss.github.io) to see your updated site.

---

## Folder Structure

- **`src/`**: Contains all the source code, components, pages, and styles.
  - **`components/`**: Reusable React components.
  - **`pages/`**: Individual pages of the site.
  - **`styles/`**: Custom styles and global CSS.
- **`static/`**: Static assets like images and files.
- **`gatsby-config.js`**: Gatsby site configuration.
- **`gatsby-node.js`**: Custom Node.js scripts for Gatsby.

---

## Future Improvements

- **Interactive Animations:** Add more engaging animations to enhance user experience.
- **Blog Integration:** Incorporate a blog section to share articles and tutorials.
- **Accessibility Enhancements:** Improve accessibility to meet WCAG standards.
- **Performance Optimizations:** Further optimize site performance for faster load times.
- **Dark Mode:** Implement a dark mode toggle for better user preference handling.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

## Contact

- **Email:** matt.w.miss@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-miss](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-miss)
- **GitHub:** [https://github.com/mattmiss](https://github.com/mattmiss)

---

Commit message:

Fix License in README.md

README.md, after:


# Matt Miss Portfolio

This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website, built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/). The site showcases my skills, projects, and experience as a software developer.

## Live Site

The portfolio is live at: [https://mattmiss.github.io](https://mattmiss.github.io)

---

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.
- **Modern Technologies:** Built with Gatsby, React, and GraphQL.
- **Performance Optimized:** Fast load times with optimized images and lazy loading.
- **Reusable Components:** Easy to maintain and extend with modular components.
- **SEO Friendly:** Enhanced search engine optimization for better visibility.

---

## Installation and Development

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (LTS version recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Setup

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mattmiss/gatsby-portfolio.git
   cd gatsby-portfolio
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**
   Using npm:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   Or using Yarn:
   ```bash
   yarn
   ```

3. **Start the Development Server:**
   ```bash
   gatsby develop
   ```

4. **Open in Browser:**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to view the site locally.

---

## Building and Deployment

### Build for Production

To create a production-ready build of the site:
```bash
gatsby build
```
This command generates static files in the `public` folder.

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

1. **Build the Project:**
   ```bash
   gatsby build
   ```

2. **Navigate to the `public` Folder:**
   ```bash
   cd public
   ```

3. **Push to the Existing Repository:**
   ```bash
   git init
   git remote add origin https://github.com/mattmiss/mattmiss.github.io.git
   git branch -M main
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy Gatsby site"
   git push -f origin main
   ```

   ⚠️ **Warning:** The `-f` flag force pushes the changes, overwriting the existing content in the `mattmiss.github.io` repository.

4. **Verify Deployment:**
   Wait a few minutes for GitHub Pages to process the new files, then visit [https://mattmiss.github.io](https://mattmiss.github.io) to see your updated site.

---

## Folder Structure

- **`src/`**: Contains all the source code, components, pages, and styles.
  - **`components/`**: Reusable React components.
  - **`pages/`**: Individual pages of the site.
  - **`styles/`**: Custom styles and global CSS.
- **`static/`**: Static assets like images and files.
- **`gatsby-config.js`**: Gatsby site configuration.
- **`gatsby-node.js`**: Custom Node.js scripts for Gatsby.

---

## Future Improvements

- **Interactive Animations:** Add more engaging animations to enhance user experience.
- **Blog Integration:** Incorporate a blog section to share articles and tutorials.
- **Accessibility Enhancements:** Improve accessibility to meet WCAG standards.
- **Performance Optimizations:** Further optimize site performance for faster load times.
- **Dark Mode:** Implement a dark mode toggle for better user preference handling.

---

## License

This project is licensed under a restrictive copyright. All rights are reserved.

The source code in this repository is provided for personal reference only. It is not permitted to copy, modify, or distribute any part of this code or its derivatives without prior written consent from the author.


---

## Contact

- **Email:** matt.w.miss@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-miss](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-miss)
- **GitHub:** [https://github.com/mattmiss](https://github.com/mattmiss)

---
